OK so now guys we're totally done with our speed optimization.
All right SSL and everything.
OK.
Now I want to thank you all for being part of my course.
Ok I seriously inside teaching you guys.
OK.
Now I want to say one thing and that is if there's SSL is not working OK.
If there's a cell it's still not working.
If this SSL is giving you an error or anything then make sure to just go to dashboard and just use these
type of plug ins that I'm telling you right now.
OK.
Just go to plug ins.
Just go to adenine and then go to SSL or just search for SSL.
OK.
So you can just come here or you can just click here.
And then what you're going to do we're going to just you can choose forward press as it should be.
OK.
So intended to be all in one solution using SSL on wordpress.
This is like force HD PBS like if you have any HDTV it will force that to be like a CBS.
OK.
And if you have SSL secure content then it's going to do the job as well.
So you can choose any type of plug in.
OK.
You can read that document and then you can find the bug that vair anything is causing.
And you can see that if the screen padlock is not coming.
OK then what you have to do you have to just right click you have to click inspect element and you have
to go to console.
OK.
So then you will see that.
This is the console.
Here is a problem and it will give you an error.
Then you have to look into that matter and then you can do that.
So this is so easy guys.
OK.
Mostly people what they do if they get an error they just hire a developers developer only to see OK
the code.
So everybody does not know where the function is causing the issue.
Make sure to go to console and then see where your problem is to not hire a developer for just this
type of small task.
Were going to charge you like a hundred dollars for this.
OK.
So I hope you get it.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
I hope you enjoyed my discourse.
OK.
I'll be updating my course in future.
OK so thanks a lot and bye bye.